Description: We decided to come up with a website. This will 
have Staff members (Manager and employees), Customers, Products 
and Salling sides. For an employee to log into the website he/she
need to select on Employee first and than enter his/her name and
employee ID number.They will use this platform help customers by 
answering their questions and refer them to the manager if they
can't give details on whst the customer is asking. For a manager
to log into the website he/she needs to click on manager and enter
his/her name as it appears on work ID and their date of birth.
They will use this platform to do advertisements and see customers 
demand.They can also use it to tell customers which products are out 
of stock and the ones that are available. Managers will also use 
it meetings with their customers to hear from them eye-eye. 
Customers will log in to thisplatform by just clicking on 
customer and enter their customer's card number. They'll use 
it for online purchasing and making their demands. Remember 
this website us for all online buyers and physical buyers
as they will be offering both.

Modules are:Customers 
            Staff members
            Products
            Sales

Customers: Can use this platform to communicate with staff members
          and for purchasing products online.
Staff members: Use it to organise meetings with their customers and 
               giving them information about products they have in 
               stock.
Products: Products need to be updated
Salling: This is how products are being sold.

Functions: Production 
           Marketing 
           Purchasing 
           Distribution 

Production: Products need to have good quality that can make customers
           happy.
Marketing: Customers need to have access on all electronic and physical 
          markets for them to see what they want to buy
Purchasing: Far customers need to support wherever they are so they need
            both online buying and physical buying.
Distribution: Products need to be derivered in a fastest way either to the 
             or to the customers. 

Variable name: Dependent Variable 
 Dependent Variable: All what an organization can do depents on their customers.            
